Add per-request service account authentication via Bearer or query param (#24)
hydrolix/mcp-hydrolix: README.md

#### Required Variables
* `HYDROLIX_HOST`: The hostname of your Hydrolix server

#### Authentication Variables
At least one authentication method must be configured when using the stdio transport:

* `HYDROLIX_TOKEN`: Service account token for environment-based authentication
* `HYDROLIX_USER` and `HYDROLIX_PASSWORD`: Username and password for environment-based authentication (both must be provided together)

> If no environment-based credentials are provided, per-request authentication must be used (available only with HTTP or SSE transport).

Reviewer: Should like 221 just be removed since this section talks about the authentication methods to use with `stdio`?

Author: I'm open to better phrasing. I'm trying to convey two ideas here:
1) for stdio, you MUST use HYDROLIX_TOKEN or HYDROLIX_USER+HYDROLIX_PASS
2) for http/sse, you MAY use HYDROLIX_TOKEN or HYDROLIX_USER+HYDROLIX_PASS, but you may instead use per-request credentials -- and if you do none of those, you've got a configuration problem and will get errors

Reviewer: phrase it like that ^. much clearer than what's there or what I suggested.

Author: will apply after QE finishes, alongside any changes from them.

Author: ```suggestion
In summary:
- For stdio, you MUST use HYDROLIX_TOKEN or HYDROLIX_USER+HYDROLIX_PASS (environmental credentials)
- For http/sse, you MAY use HYDROLIX_TOKEN or HYDROLIX_USER+HYDROLIX_PASS (environmental credentials), but you may instead use per-request credentials.

If no credentials are provided via the environment or the request, the request will fail.
```

- MCP endpoint: `http://localhost:4200/mcp`
- Health check: `http://localhost:4200/health`

> #### Using Per-Request Authentication with HTTP Transport

Reviewer: "HTTP/SSE"

Author: Both HTTP and SSE are HTTP Transports (and SSE is being deprecated pretty hard). I think this is OK as-is

> When using HTTP or SSE transport, you can omit environment-based credentials and instead provide authentication per-request. This is useful for multi-user scenarios or with clients that don't support running MCP servers locally.

Reviewer: how about tweak this slightly as follows?

> When using HTTP or SSE transport, environment-based credentials are not used. Instead, per-request authentication must be provided.

Author: Environmental credentials _are_ used, and this is intentional -- If you are using long-lived auth tokens (like service account) it is preferable to deploy your MCP server behind your firewall (or your own oAuth termination!) and use server-side credentials than it is to repeatedly send the bare credentials over the wire.

Reviewer: ok, so "remote" then means within a hydrolix cluster or outside it.

Example `mcpServers` configuration connecting to a remote HTTP server with per-request authentication:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "mcp-hydrolix-remote": {
      "url": "http://my-hydrolix-mcp.example.com:8000/mcp?token=<service-account-token>"
    }
  }
}
```

Example minimal `.env` configuration for running your own HTTP server without environment credentials:

```env
HYDROLIX_HOST=my-cluster.hydrolix.net
HYDROLIX_MCP_SERVER_TRANSPORT=http
```

> Though not part of the MCP specification, many MCP clients allow adding headers to MCP-issued requests. When this is possible, we recommend configuring the MCP client to pass a service account token via the `Authorization: Bearer <sa-token-here>` header instead of as a URL parameter for greater security.

Reviewer: s/URL parameter/query parameter

Author: ```suggestion
Though not part of the MCP specification, many MCP clients allow adding headers to MCP-issued requests. When this is possible, we recommend configuring the MCP client to pass a service account token via the `Authorization: Bearer <sa-token-here>` header instead of as a query parameter for greater security.
```
Thank you!
